README.md, before:

moodle-[component_pluginname]
===================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname].svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname])

[A short description of the plugin]


Requirements
------------

This plugin requires Moodle [Version]+


Motivation for this plugin
--------------------------

[The motivation to write this plugin]


Installation
------------

Install the plugin like any other plugin to folder
[path to plugin]

See http://docs.moodle.org/en/Installing_plugins for details on installing Moodle plugins


Usage & Settings
----------------

After installing the plugin, it is ready to use without the need for any configuration.

==OR==

After installing the plugin, it does not do anything to Moodle yet.

To configure the plugin and its behaviour, please visit:
Site administration -> [path to the plugin settings]

There, you find [x] settings:

[Describe the settings]

If you want to learn more about using [plugin type] plugins in Moodle, please see https://docs.moodle.org/en/[plugintype].


How this plugin works [ / Pitfalls]
-----------------------------------

[How it works]


Theme support
-------------

This plugin should work with all Bootstrap based Moodle themes.
It has been developed on and tested with Moodle Core's Clean and Boost themes.


Plugin repositories
-------------------

This plugin is published and regularly updated in the Moodle plugins repository:
http://moodle.org/plugins/view/[component_pluginname]

The latest development version can be found on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]


Bug and problem reports / Support requests
------------------------------------------

This plugin is carefully developed and thoroughly tested, but bugs and problems can always appear.

Please report bugs and problems on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]/issues

We will do our best to solve your problems, but please note that due to limited resources we can't always provide per-case support.


Feature proposals
-----------------

Due to limited resources, the functionality of this plugin is primarily implemented for our own local needs and published as-is to the community. We are aware that members of the community will have other needs and would love to see them solved by this plugin.

Please issue feature proposals on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]/issues

Please create pull requests on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]/pulls

We are always interested to read about your feature proposals or even get a pull request from you, but please accept that we can handle your issues only as feature _proposals_ and not as feature _requests_.


Moodle release support
----------------------

Due to limited resources, this plugin is only maintained for the most recent major release of Moodle. However, previous versions of this plugin which work in legacy major releases of Moodle are still available as-is without any further updates in the Moodle Plugins repository.

There may be several weeks after a new major release of Moodle has been published until we can do a compatibility check and fix problems if necessary. If you encounter problems with a new major release of Moodle - or can confirm that this plugin still works with a new major relase - please let us know on Github.

If you are running a legacy version of Moodle, but want or need to run the latest version of this plugin, you can get the latest version of the plugin, remove the line starting with $plugin->requires from version.php and use this latest plugin version then on your legacy Moodle. However, please note that you will run this setup completely at your own risk. We can't support this approach in any way and there is a undeniable risk for erratic behavior.


Translating this plugin
-----------------------

This Moodle plugin is shipped with an english language pack only. All translations into other languages must be managed through AMOS (https://lang.moodle.org) by what they will become part of Moodle's official language pack.

As the plugin creator, we manage the translation into german for our own local needs on AMOS. Please contribute your translation into all other languages in AMOS where they will be reviewed by the official language pack maintainers for Moodle.


Right-to-left support
---------------------

This plugin has not been tested with Moodle's support for right-to-left (RTL) languages.
If you want to use this plugin with a RTL language and it doesn't work as-is, you are free to send us a pull request on Github with modifications.


PHP7 Support
------------

Since Moodle 3.4 core, PHP7 is mandatory. We are developing and testing this plugin for PHP7 only.


Copyright
---------

Ulm University
kiz - Media Department
Team Web & Teaching Support
[Developer full name]

Commit message:

Changes to section Theme support.

README.md, after:

moodle-[component_pluginname]
===================================

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname].svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname])

[A short description of the plugin]


Requirements
------------

This plugin requires Moodle [Version]+


Motivation for this plugin
--------------------------

[The motivation to write this plugin]


Installation
------------

Install the plugin like any other plugin to folder
[path to plugin]

See http://docs.moodle.org/en/Installing_plugins for details on installing Moodle plugins


Usage & Settings
----------------

After installing the plugin, it is ready to use without the need for any configuration.

==OR==

After installing the plugin, it does not do anything to Moodle yet.

To configure the plugin and its behaviour, please visit:
Site administration -> [path to the plugin settings]

There, you find [x] settings:

[Describe the settings]

If you want to learn more about using [plugin type] plugins in Moodle, please see https://docs.moodle.org/en/[plugintype].


How this plugin works [ / Pitfalls]
-----------------------------------

[How it works]


Theme support
-------------

This plugin should work with all Bootstrap based Moodle themes.
It has been developed on and tested only with Moodle Core's Boost theme. 
While this plugin should also work with Moodle Core's legacy Clean theme or third party themes, we can't support any other theme than Boost.


Plugin repositories
-------------------

This plugin is published and regularly updated in the Moodle plugins repository:
http://moodle.org/plugins/view/[component_pluginname]

The latest development version can be found on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]


Bug and problem reports / Support requests
------------------------------------------

This plugin is carefully developed and thoroughly tested, but bugs and problems can always appear.

Please report bugs and problems on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]/issues

We will do our best to solve your problems, but please note that due to limited resources we can't always provide per-case support.


Feature proposals
-----------------

Due to limited resources, the functionality of this plugin is primarily implemented for our own local needs and published as-is to the community. We are aware that members of the community will have other needs and would love to see them solved by this plugin.

Please issue feature proposals on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]/issues

Please create pull requests on Github:
https://github.com/moodleuulm/moodle-[component_pluginname]/pulls

We are always interested to read about your feature proposals or even get a pull request from you, but please accept that we can handle your issues only as feature _proposals_ and not as feature _requests_.


Moodle release support
----------------------

Due to limited resources, this plugin is only maintained for the most recent major release of Moodle. However, previous versions of this plugin which work in legacy major releases of Moodle are still available as-is without any further updates in the Moodle Plugins repository.

There may be several weeks after a new major release of Moodle has been published until we can do a compatibility check and fix problems if necessary. If you encounter problems with a new major release of Moodle - or can confirm that this plugin still works with a new major relase - please let us know on Github.

If you are running a legacy version of Moodle, but want or need to run the latest version of this plugin, you can get the latest version of the plugin, remove the line starting with $plugin->requires from version.php and use this latest plugin version then on your legacy Moodle. However, please note that you will run this setup completely at your own risk. We can't support this approach in any way and there is a undeniable risk for erratic behavior.


Translating this plugin
-----------------------

This Moodle plugin is shipped with an english language pack only. All translations into other languages must be managed through AMOS (https://lang.moodle.org) by what they will become part of Moodle's official language pack.

As the plugin creator, we manage the translation into german for our own local needs on AMOS. Please contribute your translation into all other languages in AMOS where they will be reviewed by the official language pack maintainers for Moodle.


Right-to-left support
---------------------

This plugin has not been tested with Moodle's support for right-to-left (RTL) languages.
If you want to use this plugin with a RTL language and it doesn't work as-is, you are free to send us a pull request on Github with modifications.


PHP7 Support
------------

Since Moodle 3.4 core, PHP7 is mandatory. We are developing and testing this plugin for PHP7 only.


Copyright
---------

Ulm University
kiz - Media Department
Team Web & Teaching Support
[Developer full name]
